the Dublin derbies doesn't matter where
they playing at algo para daily melter
Richard is difficult to predict but when
Korra play dirty is all about its
geographical or whatever we had the
upper hand here in the Brandywell played
well here last year and then today and
cork certainly had the upper hand and
taurus cross so and you know I told I
thought we deserved winners today and
I'm very happy with a level of
performance at the moment every week we
went against all the basic principles
were played in the force after night and
yet it took the felucca flukes to put 30
in at halftime and left forskolin games
with this nature would always be
decisive always be a defining moment in
the game I'm so it turned out I was a
tough nights but I fought with fairly
deserted part from the shot and 30 hours
of a good effort I can't remember his
car come on a chance on goal to be
honest well Paul lots of talking points
and that master usually is when Darren
cork meet certainly top drawer
performance by Jerry City have no
complaints really conduct totally
deserved the victory dirty on the night
and that the flying in the league the
moment any business and assured on
absolutely you know last season maybe
maybe people thought maybe they taught
themselves the overt she put it back to
business as as usual no and you know
they take scored 15 conceded for dick
scored the most goals in the in the
league only drug have conceded less
goals in them and the flying that we
very very hard to be particularly in the
brand new era where they've 200 into a
fortress again which it was you know
years going nobody will know your fancy
going up there to play dare you this
year they've won their six matches there
Jerry certainly come out on top in
midfield Paul there they are the overrun
cork really in midfield and look at your
gamble if we mentioned last we play on
the left auto position do you think Joe
gambler I certainly think so i think
joel you know he's a very competitive
player he needs to be in the tikati
action and he breaks things up very well
in there and he keeps it simple gets
taken I think out on the Left he's
you know he's definitely not in his best
position and they call it on him in
there and you tonight to act do you know
the combat Kira Martin who makes love
forward ones who Carson load problems we
know Paul how good Pat McCourt is on
Form and he was terrific in this match
it was involved in every move the jury
had really well I mean when he plays
like that he's a joy to watch you know
he's probably a corner here
bizarre gold by the way you can't
legislate for this in all Jews got
clearance fortunately comes off the
backing off his head there's absolutely
nothing you can do very unfortunate
called you were able as I said you can't
legislate for a Flynn heads away and
it's all it's over gambas head before he
even knows it extremely unfortunate for
more people kneesocks it led to his gold
gold elite the end of the season and
this is Magic a boy in a carton he just
go go away players if they're not there
he has that ability he just fails to hit
the target boom as I said when he when
he's on that disk kind of for me he's an
absolute joy to watch him in he's worth
the admission fee alarm yeah he leaves
three four players in his wake just
fails to hit the tag which is probably a
bit with weakness in his games is
finishing and this is the the second
goal in again McCourt involved pixel
from the corner plenty plenty of bodies
back what makes the defender and Carol
Marin think that's his 42 fifth goal
response here isn't he he's flying he's
a tremendous player in the right place
there at the right time and it's a
difficult than or finishing just his
buddy very well to you know to get the
second goal and give us a 23 points and
yeah a big win for them was a pattern
pub McCourt wasn't always the starter
lassie is mozzie for Steven Kenny's man
yeah I think it took over oil when you
came from shamrock rovers look more at
the settle down I mean is it is a
quality player I'm sometimes it takes a
world to get him in the position you
want them and get used to a different
style of play but he settled in really
well now I mean I think you look a
did a big game against shells would stay
worn and emotionally and physically it
can take a lot area to come to another
big game with a lot of traveling and you
can see although McCord fantastic
ability that was very very easy and you
know that's nothing that the cork would
usually be a lot tougher than that yeah
how concerned will Jamie Richardson be
though with the fact that cork haven't
scored away from home at this season
simply having if you have problems on
the travels don't then sure yeah I mean
again it comes down to options you know
I think you know get you look at Oakland
if he's not for an o callaghan if they
have oblivion after which to be fair
George you didn't have one of his better
days didn't really you know you can't
have struggle to see where the girls are
gonna come from and Donovan played but
again here playing unit 21 s the night
before so you know it was a tough week
for Damien I think you know maybe maybe
if you had more of a squad he could have
jumper things around a little bit and
with a fresh in her up a little bit you
and certainly hasn't had a settle team
this year I certainly hasn't done show a
good stretch of a settle team met Damien
one very quick one Paul a few words
exchanged their and a half time as well
we say all's of a needle with darian
well I'll tell you name is a brave
man because I wouldn't cross Paul that's
that's all I know